Like Gramedia in general. Motorbike parking in the basement. The building is nice


it is a cozy place for reading book's sample. it also often provide discount price for less popular theme. as a book store, it has nearly complete book's theme in so many titles



Been here several times. Honestly, Gramedia Sudirman is by far the best Gramedia branch.

A little story. The social media Fyp once appeared with content about the anxiety of Gramedia visitors who for some reason, when they wanted to choose a book, they wanted to urinate or defecate. Hahaha.

It's true, maybe for Gramedia branches where the toilets are not in the main building (for example in the basement, etc.) it's a bit difficult to find if you haven't been there often, but if you don't know, just ask the security there or an employee who passes by and they'll definitely be told.

But for Gramedia Sudirman, the facilities provided really make you feel at home and make you want to go to this branch more if there are books you want and need to buy. The toilets are clean, there are two choices, namely squatting and sitting toilets, the sink is also clean and there is no water mold on either the sink or the glass.

The prayer room is also on the top floor if I'm not mistaken. The prayer room is also comfortable and clean, so if you're choosing a book, it's already prayer time so you can pray first or if you're confused about choosing a book, you can pray first so you don't get confused :)

There is also an elevator here if you are tired or have just invited your parents or older people.

Online motorbike taxis also provide their own parking, which is top. The location is also strategic. From or to Lempuyangan station around 1.3 km (walking), UGM around 1.2 km (walking), to the nearest mall 500 m (walking), to the nearest cafe 230 m (walking). Anyway, this branch is good.

Overall, I have good experience here


Complete book



Surprisingly, the musholla inside is really comfortable. Although this isn’t my first time visiting Gramedia Sudirman Yogyakarta, it was my first time praying Asr there.

The place is clearly well-maintained for Muslim visitors. I appreciate locations that prioritize comfort in prayer spaces, even if they’re small.

The musholla has AC, sarungs, and telekung for women. It’s clean, neat, and smells nice.

For convenience, there’s a shoe rack and benches at the entrance.

They also provide clean toilets and a wudhu area with fresh, running water.

Overall, I was very satisfied with my Asr prayer experience at Gramedia’s musholla.




The employees are still new, like apprentices, and don't know anything about the shop at all. Even though I took a new book from the shelf in front of the cashier, I probably didn't know there was a promotion.




Spacious and complete. Friendly service. Convenient shopping for books and stationery



Kereeen, the book is complete



There are quite a lot of books and novels so they always come. The place is also comfortable, the staff is also star friendly 




A historical bookstore for many people who have studied or studied in Jogja. A place to read books and see new books, and of course buy books. This shop has a very complete collection. When I was a student, I used to stay here for a long time just reading and not buying... Now after the renovation, the arrangement is getting better. On the 1st floor they also sell bags, accessories, sports and music equipment and computer equipment. On the second floor they also sell stationery. May you continue to prosper and keep the culture of reading alive.
Advice, if you often buy books, it's better to become a member to get a discount.



always love buying novels here! :D
the place is clean, neat & very comfortable



The best Indonesian bookstore in town, it has a very complete collection of books, mostly in the Indonesian language, but there's a small section of international books.

It not only sells books but also office stationery equipment and computer accessories such as mice, printers, and others.



Complete, good there is a Bungou Stray Dogs book



clean, complete, neat



For those of you who are guarding the children's book section, you're just the usual sis...not even 5 seconds have passed since I moved the shelves and tidied up the shelves, then waited very closely even though my child was just looking at the books that had already been opened. ITS is so uncomfortable... I went to Gramedia everywhere and recently there was something like that. It's called a bookstore, so that's normal if you look around first.
The collection is complete, all the staff are friendly except those I mentioned earlier.




i like a place full of books, nice place!




Favorite place in Jogja, the books are complete and up to date, there is online delivery too



The parking attendant did not regulate the vehicle when it came out onto the road. The parking fee requested in the parking lot is 4000 rupiah. Why isn't it like before, there are parking attendants at the exit.




After the renovation it became better, cooler



Nice, clean and fragrant place



Memories



Gramedia is one of the biggest bookstores in Jogja.

Selling books published by Gramedia itself and other publishers. Apart from that, it also sells school supplies, stationery, sports equipment, musical instruments and there are chat-time outlets and DD Dunkin-Donats outlets.

Open every day from 09.00 - 21.00

After renovation, the building looks more artistic and now there is an elevator which makes it easier for visitors.



Complete



My favorite place when I'm feeling bored or bored is Gramedia. Just to wash your eyes and see new books or buy the book you are looking for




the biggest gramedia store as far as I know. Everything from books to stationery is available, so when you come here, many people are hunting, preparing to go back to school. But it's a bit of a shame that there are only stairs to climb up, it's a bit awkward when carrying a bag containing a laptop, it's really heavy. but lemme say, the collection of interesting books is very varied. The interior is also aesthetic, similar to Gramedia GI for the book layout



The place is getting more comfortable and neatly organized, clean, the service is friendly, everyone has been a regular since middle school



Service for Gramedia employees is friendly, okay
But..... The parking attendant is a bookmaker, he just shouts, he doesn't even control getting in and out of the car. In fact, he just shouted for a fare of 4000. WKWKK... the parking attendant just stood in the parking area, working a little diligently while getting the car out. So it doesn't feel like thugs are collecting tribute. Management please pay attention



The place is nice, there are several floors, everything is really complete, the service is good friendly, there is an elevator for those who are older you can still look at books here, prices vary, each floor has its own category, you can park at the Jogja tribune, for those who like to look or see read a book worth it here



My son always enjoys being taken to all Gramedia places




The most useful place to hang out: "D
Free time helper waiting for the child to pick up

(+)
Not early in the morning and really on time!
The officers are very friendly
It's really comfortable for just reading books even though you end up being interested in buying them too :"D
Very complete
That's what his son's book collection is like

(-)
Prices are more expensive but it's nice to buy books here



The best Gramedia I've ever visited




Of course there are many choices of books that can be purchased, the building is very spacious



One of the iconic Gramedia buildings in the Sudirman area. The books here are quite complete and plentiful. The place is big and clean, parking is easy.

When do you want to come here again.



I couldn't find a pen brand that i regularly use. The employee (that was having convos with his friend at one section of the pen) said that they don't sell it here. I decided to keep strolling around the pen section then he was laughing at me with his friend bcs i keep loooking for it by my own. Rude.


Five times as many staff as customers because of heavy building construction. Next time close the store for 1-2 weeks while the construction work is done.  And encourage your staff to provide good service to visitor shoppers.


It is expensive and there are no useful products. There is nothing really looking for. A place that sells products that are not so expensive abroad at several times the price with plausible packaging. Even parking is difficult.


Gramedia is this big but it's not complete, there are a lot of officers/employees but there aren't any on standby on every floor, at least there are employees standing guard in the corner of the bookshelf, although not all of them.
Customers found it difficult to find book information, some employees were even called very ignorant & there was one person whose answer didn't help at all, instead they were just told to check via computer.
Seriously serious! How is this Gramedia Jogja?
